Bryon Nicoson

App: Amtrak 

FEATURE NUMBER ONE: BUY TICKETS / SCHEDULES

1.1 - User can select "Buy Tickets / Schedule" from main menu

User opens app to main activity, in which user clicks on "Buy Tickets / Schedules" which opens new "Search For Trips" activity.


1.2 - User can select one-way, round-trip, or multi-ride trips

User can click on tabs at top of "Search for Trips" view to alter "SfT" view to accommodate either one-way, round-trip, or multi-ride trip search.

1.3 - User can select an origin/destination city via multiple methods

When user clicks on origin/destination city, three tabbed methods (My Stations | City | State/Province) tabs are presented and Map and Search icons are presented in the menu bar.

1.4 - User can select origin/destination by using Map feature

Clicking on Map icon opens Map with pins indicating Amtrak station closest to user location as determined via GPS.

1.5 - User can select origin/destination by using Search feature

Clicking on Search icon opens edittext field for user to type in city name

1.6 - User can select origin/destination from stored list of previously selected origin/destination stations.

Selecting "My Stations" brings up list of recents, which can be clicked on to populate origin/destination field for current trip.


FEATURE NUMBER TWO: TRAIN STATUS

1.1 User can check arrival status of train by train number

Entering a station and a train number and clicking [Check Status] button provides user status of train indicating estimated arrival time and whether on time, x minutes late, or x minutes ahead of schedule

1.2 User can check status of all trains from/to origin/destination

Entering a origin and destination station and clicking [Check Status] provides a list of all future arrival trains indicating same as for individual train status check.

1.3 User can do 1.1 for train departure status (toggle button)
1.4 User can do 1.2 for all train departure statuses (toggle button)

1.5 User can be notified of status via SMS

Upon completion of ticket purchase, user can select to be notified via SMS

1.6 User can be notified of status via email

Upon completipon of ticket purchase, user can select to be notified via email.

FEATURE THE THIRD: UPCOMING TRIPS

1.1 User can view upcoming trips.

Clicking on "Upcoming Trips" in main activity takes user to "UC" activity

1.2 User can select trip detail from UC view

Clicking on a leg of a trip shows detail for that leg

1.3  User can view departure information

When the detail view is presented, the scheduled origin and destination cities, departure and arrival times, and seat type are displayed (along with an "upgrade" button to encourage ticket upgrades)

1.4 User can select Return tab from Detail view 

Selecting return tab from detail view shows same info for return leg of trip.

1.5 User can display eTicket by clicking [View eTicket]

Clicking on [View eTicket] displays a QR Code ticket which can be scanned by Amtrak employees.

1.6 User can display payment information by clicking "Payment" tab

Clicking on the "Payment" tab presents the price, abbr. card info (VISA ****nnnn), as well as links to Terms & Conditions and FAQs.